9/30
1) We initialized the project idea and discussed the overall structure of the software.
We added github issues to the github repository. We split into two teams:
one team will work on making the structure of the json file that will keep all 
information about the personal expenses. 
The other team will be working on the main menu of the software, which will take
inputs from the user for the budgets.

2) We plan to keep working on our teams to develop the main menu and the structure of the JSON file.

3) We have just started the development progress. We currently don't have any issues. 

10/02
1) We finished building a feature that initializes a JSON file in the user's project directory and
also added a dictionary with all the categories which we will use to reference and change data later
down the project.

2) We plan to now create a User Interface where users  can input their initial total budget goal 
alongside having the user input the budget for categories while also answering complications such 
as all of the budget of the categories not being higher than the total budget.

3) We have not run into any issues as of right now.

10/4
1) We finisehd combining the ui of initializing the project with writing the JSON files. Now when the
program starts, it will ask for the user for the total budget and the budget for sub categories.

2) We will keep working on validation of inputs(ex: if budget for each categories are less than the total budget),
and we will keep working on the main menu.

3) We are struggling how to divide the features into each group member since all parts of the program are connected.

10/14
1) We are still working on validation of inputs. We only have validation working for the total amount of budget. We are working on the main menu of the program that will have options for spending money, checking budget status for each category, resetting the program, and exicting the program.

2) Each of the team members will work on different features. Pem: valdiation, Atomu: program reset, Saleh: checking budget status, Jungho: main menu

3) We do not have any issues for now.

2) We will keep working on validation of inputs. 

10/16/2024
Atomu
1) We figured out the way to reset the program by restarting the program when the user chooses to do so. 

2) We are planning to keep working on the main menu. 

3) We have not run into any issues.

Jungho
1) Worked with atomu to make the reset feature of the program.

2) Trying to make unit tests.

3) Merge conflicts since I was working on the same branch as Saleh, but we resolved it.

Pem
1) Worked on an algorithm to check the validity of the user's input to make user it does not exceed the total budget.

2) Almost finished it through if condition.

3) The program starts to bug out if the user has already inputted exactly the total budget.

Saleh 
1) Worked on check balance meethod to check the balance left for each catagory.
2) Merge conflicts with Jungho but we resolved it.
3) working on errors if the user entered a String instead of a number in the amount of money expenses.
4) working on showing the total balance left after checking the balance for each category
5) working on program bugs 

10/18/2024
Pem/Saleh
1) Worked on the same algorithm as last week which focuses on making the for loop reset and ask the user for the inputs again if all the categories added up are greater than the total budget.

2) Managed to complete it through resetting the counting index in the for loop and pushing it to pem_branch.

3) No roadblocks as of right now.

Jungho/Atomu
1) Kept working on unit tests

2) Planning to keep working on unit testing.

3) Command is not working when running Unit tests
